My university

Our university was founded in 1960 as a branch of the Krasnoyarsk Polytechnic Institute. Only in 1989 it was rearranged into an independent institution: Krasnoyarsk Institute of Space Technology. On the 1 st of September the first academic year for 200 students began. There were only 3 specialties: 1) construction of space flying apparatus 2) engines of space flying apparatus and 3) systems of operation of space flying apparatus. 
	From the Urals to the Far East it was the unique higher education institution specializing on space flying apparatus. The first Rector was E.N. Kapustyansky, one of the Korolev’s pupils. Outstanding scientist M. F. Reshetnev worked there as a professor of the chair of space flying apparatus since 1972. He created the School of scientists who elaborated the missile and space systems. 
	In 1990 our institute bought an aerodrome and the testing area was created there. (Today our university has 5 planes and a helicopter).
	In 1996 our Academy (since 1992) was named after academician Reshetnev. Today our university (since 2002) provides not only technical colleges but also social and economic departments. Today there are following faculties:
 1. Aerospace faculty with the following specialties: space flying apparatus, missile building, missile engines, refrigerator engineering and conditioning, electronic machine building and robotics, machine building technology, welding technology, Physics.
2. Computing and Administration Systems Faculty
3. Civil Aviation Faculty
4. The Humanities Faculty
5. The Institute of Finance and Business
6. High Business school
7. Centre of Correspondence Tuition
8. Military institute
	During some years pupils of schools have a wonderful opportunity to attend the preparatory courses in our university. The aim of these courses is to help applicants to pass entry exams successfully. Our university also provides Post- graduate courses in different subjects, where students carry on research work. 
	The academic year in our university consists of 2 terms and at the end of each semester we take exams. 

